# Useful-hacks


To overcome pollution we need to concentrate on 1.water pollution and 2.air pollution and make moderate technologies to ensure a better security and health for society. Our idea works on following two hacks mainly. 1.Monitoring air pollution across cities and warning people related to pollution levels and maintain their health. 2.Monitoring pollution levels of water bodies across various cities and making change in distribution network for better health management.It also includes control of droughts,floods and better solutions in case of extreme conditions. Hack 1:(for air pollution control) Through this project we would connect sensors to various vehicles that move across cities.with the help of sensors from various vehicles data related to air pollution levels, sound pollution levels is obtained accordingly. Using Big data Analytics and machine learning algorithms we separate the given data as per requirements and make graph plotting a.most polluted b.least polluted c.moderately polluted etc with different colors.With this analysis we get clear and accurate data of pollution levels across the city. Now it warns the user whenever he want to move to any location in the city with the amount of pollution levels,and necessary precautions he should take while moving to that area. consider asthma patient who cannot move to highly polluted areas where there is high level of air pollution could be warned well in advance with the real time data we gathered.

This ideology can be extended to create a database for sustainable challenges with all existing sensors and devices in cities as follows: 1.collecting pollution levels in each location of city and warning users accordingly. 2.managing traffic details in particular locations and corresponding changes to user accordingly. 3.Users can make complain broken management issues from each locality(like waste management etc) to respective government corporations. Hack 2:(for water pollution control) An interactive map with hydro regions water bodies and services,pollutant dispersion modeling and water quality. creating maps for various networks made by each each water body present in all states using public databases. contamination levels of each water body and investment levels in purifying them can be accessed through map resulting in checking conditions: 1.which water body acts as a large source for people across city(water body having large consumers) 2.water bodies with high level of impurities and their maintenance costs etc. similarly,people suffer from pure water supply and drainage issues.Both floods and droughts in affected areas are likely to cause disease outbreaks adding to original problems of lack/surplus water. By using rainfall prediction,likelihood of disease prediction,water shortage drought or flood prediction providing analysis related to medical centers access data,spatial population coverage and water body efficiency statistics we could provide a better protective system in order to reduce disease outbreaks.

Hack 3:(for flood and drought management) 1.An app that helps people see how they will get impacted by floods in future by providing flood maps with 50,75,90% accuracy to users depending on previous stats. 2.when people report flood then they will be given information related to best evacuation route and safe shelter. it considers data set ranging from climatic (rainfall, temperature, humidity, precipitation), hydro logical (runoff, river, stream, lagoon, dam, ocean)and topographical data (ground location, extent, elevation,soil type, drainage type/size/status). The data-sources also vary mainly from Satellites (NASA, ESA Sentinel, Airbus, CNES Satellites), Insitu (Meteorological station,Dam and River measurement meters & gauges, survey & Geo-informatics & telemetry equipment "total station, GPS, CORS, kinematics", UAV "Drone"),collection & Crowd-source data etc output of the computation shows the extent/coverage,speed/flow/volume of the flood, geographical settings and assets at risk, expected magnitude & menace and date of occurrence. The overall output serves as the Flood "FORECAST & WARNING".

HACK 4:(as a startup) for smart transport reducing pollution levels: Generally every user spends a lot of fuel and create huge pollution for getting daily requirements.Consider a community which is having 60 people.if each user goes to market stores through vehicles imagine the amount of pollution it has been creating and the amount of fuel they are using.We could simply reduce this pollution levels and fuel usage as follows: Creating a particular service agency for specific communities for daily requirements,goods collection and services etc.Users could simply order through the app all their requirements which would be delivered to community once in three days. instead of going to markets one by one all users of community could order once and get benefited accordingly.This results in low level emission of CO2 and reduce pollution levels in the city.

Dev Karan
proj.zip

